Dear esteemed fellow practitioners, in this
pleasant reading of the question from
the user Tố Uyên, I greet you, Madam.
I have a question for you
as follows: Firstly, a neighbor
recently passed away a few weeks ago, and my family had an
event, so we went to borrow some furniture from them
on the 1st of September (lunar calendar).
Someone then said that we shouldn't borrow it because
it's considered bad luck.
Yes, respectfully, this is a
taboo. For example, someone in this house has just
died, so going there will bring bad luck.
Yes, someone in this house has just died, so
why would borrowing their things bring bad luck? I
think so,
but it's not.
Yes, this isn't wrong
in the law of karma.
Good actions
create good karma,
bad actions create bad karma. And a
person's death is due to
their karmic force. If
death brings bad luck,
then no one could become a king or an official.  Is that
right?
No one can succeed because every
family has someone who dies, every family
has relatives who die, right? If
death is bad luck, then every family has someone who dies,
every lineage has someone who dies. So, if death is
due to their karma, then it's not
their karma that's causing the death. It's not their karma that's causing the death. I
've seen this online before. There were two people
walking side by side. One was walking on the
outside, on the road, and the other was
walking inside a shop, on the
sidewalk.
But then a car
lost control and hit and killed the person on the
sidewalk, while the person on the outside
didn't die. That happens
every year. My friend, is that due to karma? It's karma.
My child went to borrow tables and
chairs; that's neighborly kindness. They
lent them to me; that's a good deed. It's that good
deed that brings blessings to my family.
Why is there this health issue? I didn't do
anything evil, so why is there trouble? I did
n't do anything evil, so why is there trouble?
Borrowing is to strengthen neighborly bonds, while
lending is an act of charity that
strengthens neighborly bonds.
Why is it said that someone is being cursed and cursed? Is it because someone
died and the ghost is haunting the
furniture? It's not that
people die and cling to the place. People die according to their karma, you know. It
's about
things happening after a family member
dies, and that family is cursed.
Let's identify
where this curse comes from. It seems like there's a
mass death in that family, but it's only
among family members, not among neighbors. It's not like
it's demanding love, right? It's
not a mass death among neighbors unless the
whole neighborhood has
colleagues, so when one person dies, another dies, and then another dies.
Or a certain area has many
mass deaths, for example, an atomic bomb
falling and not everything is affected, right? It means
these people are colleagues, sharing the
same calamity,
so they are born in the same place at the
right time. There must be something...
That's death, right?
Here, it's graduation. We die
because of karma, not because we borrow this or
that. It's all
within the principle of cause and effect.
We don't borrow things to create neighborly love and community spirit.
People lend us things, we give with a
charitable heart, a charitable heart, a
loving heart. How can you create
painful consequences? There must be a foundation of compassion; you
can't create painful consequences.
So, if you say that, then it turns out that
our Buddhist followers, along with the monks who specialize in attending
funerals, are exhausted every day, right?
We all go to Nam Hoa, don't we? They
let us go, we do good deeds, and then we come back. The
monks are there, they attend
funerals for a month. If the monks
are doing their duty, they have to go to several funerals
for one person. Do they see any health problems? Without a foundation of compassion, we do good deeds and never suffer from health problems. I never have a situation where the good deeds create bad luck. Maybe
today we do good deeds, but we're suffering from the
consequences of our past actions.
It happens when we go to do charity work
; that's the ball, not the karmic retribution
from this charitable act, stirring things up,
okay? So, when doing work and
borrowing tables and chairs from the funeral home, whether
you have the health or not, the mind is against the
dampness, and it's said that if you don't, then the strength to do that
is good, increasing community spirit and neighborly love. As for
doing work at a funeral,
if we go to the funeral home and see that
our child is
crying, or the children are crying, that's a
phenomenon, it's cold energy,
not bringing it back to tease the child. That
is, when the deceased person is with someone, there is a
negative energy, a death energy emanating from them, and when
we go there, that death energy
enters our body. When we go home and hold
our child, the negative energy, the
cold energy, transfers to the child,
causing instability in the child's
body, so the child cries or may have a
fever. It's not bringing it back to
bully the child. When we go to a funeral,
we take a piece of paper or a
pile of fire, we step back and forth over it...
Let's be careful from the moment we leave. When
we return home, firstly,
we won't get sick,
and secondly, we'll be safe. The children won't experience any
mechanical changes in their bodies, so they'll be
healthy. However, children are
very sensitive to changes in
weather and climate because they have
n't adapted to the climate yet, and also to
changes
in the negative energy. Therefore, this incident is
not related to spirituality but
to the physical phenomena mentioned
above. Here, we need to clearly understand this point so that
we don't lose our neighborly relations because of this mistaken viewpoint.
Our neighbors have just
lost someone, and they are already very sad. If we have
this wrong viewpoint and
become prejudiced, they will distance themselves from us, making them even
sadder and more miserable. We should go and
encourage them, and the neighborly relations will return to
normal. The karma in
their family is their own doing,
not something they can spread to their neighbors.
Yes
[music]
yes yes
[Applause]
[music]
yes yes